README.md, before:

# Bot Council

A web app that lets you query multiple LLMs simultaneously and compare their responses side-by-side. Send a single prompt to up to 4 different AI models at once and watch their responses stream in real-time.

## Features

- **Multi-model comparison** - Query up to 4 LLMs in parallel with a single prompt
- **Streaming responses** - Watch responses generate in real-time
- **Configurable models** - Choose from a customizable list of models via dropdown menus
- **Copy to clipboard** - Easily copy any response with one click
- **OpenRouter integration** - Access 100+ models through a single API

## Setup

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Configure your API key

Create a `.env` file in the project root:

```
VITE_OPENROUTER_API_KEY=your_openrouter_api_key_here
```

Get your API key at [openrouter.ai/keys](https://openrouter.ai/keys)

### 3. Run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

The app will be available at `http://localhost:5174`

## Configuring Models

Models are loaded from `public/models.txt`. Each line should contain a model ID and human-readable name separated by a comma:

```
# Model ID,Human-readable Name
x-ai/grok-4-fast,Grok 4 Fast
anthropic/claude-opus-4.5,Claude Opus 4.5
openai/gpt-5-mini,GPT-5 Mini
```

You can add, remove, or reorder models by editing this file. Find available model IDs at [openrouter.ai/models](https://openrouter.ai/models).

## Usage

1. Select a model for each of the 4 panels (or leave some as "-- Select a model --" to skip them)
2. Enter your prompt in the text area at the bottom
3. Click "Send Prompt"
4. Watch responses stream in from all selected models simultaneously
5. Use the copy button on each panel to copy a response

## Tech Stack

- React 19
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- OpenRouter API

Commit message:

Implement backend server with Express, CORS, and dotenv for environment variable management. Update package.json to include new dependencies and scripts for running backend and frontend concurrently. Modify README for updated API key instructions and server running details. Enhance App component with a start screen and improved UI elements. Add background image for the start screen and update CSS for styling adjustments.

README.md, after:

# Bot Council

A web app that lets you query multiple LLMs simultaneously and compare their responses side-by-side. Send a single prompt to up to 4 different AI models at once and watch their responses stream in real-time.

## Features

- **Multi-model comparison** - Query up to 4 LLMs in parallel with a single prompt
- **Streaming responses** - Watch responses generate in real-time
- **Configurable models** - Choose from a customizable list of models via dropdown menus
- **Copy to clipboard** - Easily copy any response with one click
- **OpenRouter integration** - Access 100+ models through a single API

## Setup

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Configure your API key

Create a `.env` file in the project root:

```
OPENROUTER_API_KEY=your_openrouter_api_key_here
```

Get your API key at [openrouter.ai/keys](https://openrouter.ai/keys)

> **Note:** Your API key is kept secure on the backend server and is never exposed to the browser.

### 3. Run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

This starts both the backend API server (port 3001) and the Vite frontend (port 5174).

The app will be available at `http://localhost:5174`

#### Running servers separately

If you prefer to run the servers in separate terminals:

```bash
# Terminal 1 - Backend
npm run dev:backend

# Terminal 2 - Frontend
npm run dev:frontend
```

## Configuring Models

Models are loaded from `public/models.txt`. Each line should contain a model ID and human-readable name separated by a comma:

```
# Model ID,Human-readable Name
x-ai/grok-4-fast,Grok 4 Fast
anthropic/claude-opus-4.5,Claude Opus 4.5
openai/gpt-5-mini,GPT-5 Mini
```

You can add, remove, or reorder models by editing this file. Find available model IDs at [openrouter.ai/models](https://openrouter.ai/models).

## Usage

1. Select a model for each of the 4 panels (or leave some as "-- Select a model --" to skip them)
2. Enter your prompt in the text area at the bottom
3. Click "Send Prompt"
4. Watch responses stream in from all selected models simultaneously
5. Use the copy button on each panel to copy a response

## Tech Stack

- React 19
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- OpenRouter API
